It will start off the will of the game Sukero first time
The theme of this time is the call of duty ball room 3
The respondent is help roar
Then the first question right away
What comes out of relief supplies with a probability of 0 points 001%
The direction of fishing and kicking in between the eel kites
web What 's 0 in 001% probability of lethal
Something like this toilet use
What are the things that in the Wen goods exit at the zero point 001% of probability
It looks like this if you open the box
Nothing N'
State-of-the-art uav is what is seen after the position of the enemy
Seen example gunfire is something scale of slaves 3 nedo is
State-of-the-art uav knows what the enemy's position and what's left
Well I understand why there is no friendship between men and women
State-of-the-art uav is what is seen after the position of the enemy
Can see just how stupid act of war
Enemy knows the tomb eldest daughter
3rd question
What is the devil's technique against the deity
Let's cut it by yourself
a Let the gold say something and attack with weapons of mass destruction
What is the devil's technique against the deity
Basically it's a war , so everyone is a devil
4th question
What park is not used by anyone and its performance
Body odor is strongly avoided in the park called Fabry's
Escale Ton
When I see Saito, I can see my clothes yesterday
What park is not used by anyone and its performance
Conan specific chute strike in the soccer ball to occasionally to e Park A sweeper
It becomes like
Not used to anyone Park and its performance to what
daigo montz
What is the new kill streak for download content
Yoichi Watanabe will take a picture when you live in a row
Kill Streak, which is newly delivered in the download content to what
A knife turns into a vullog-like story in living in Ellen
After 10 consecutive seasons, you can see the scorpions and the sniper
What is the new kill streak for download content
Merry Christmas can be heard each time you turn off h
Kill Streak, which is newly delivered in the download content to what
Continuous child Girudegu machine
Thank you for closing the game with the above
Let's make a production help game customer